feat: algokit task - wallet aliasing (#313)
algorandfoundation/algokit-cli: docs/features/tasks/wallet.md

# AlgoKit Task Wallet

Manage your Algorand addresses and accounts effortlessly with the AlgoKit Wallet feature. This feature allows you to create short aliases for your addresses and accounts on AlgoKit CLI.

## Usage

Available commands and possible usage as follows:

```bash
$ ~ algokit task wallet
Usage: algokit task wallet [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Create short aliases for your addresses and accounts on AlgoKit CLI.

Options:
-h, --help Show this message and exit.

Commands:
add Add an address or account to be stored against a named alias.
get Get an address or account stored against a named alias.
list List all addresses or accounts stored against a named alias.
remove Remove an address or account stored against a named alias.
reset Remove all aliases.
```

## Commands

### Add

This command adds an address or account to be stored against a named alias. If the `--mnemonic` flag is used, it will prompt the user for a mnemonic phrase interactively using masked input. If the `--force` flag is used, it will allow overwriting an existing alias.

```bash
$ algokit wallet add [OPTIONS] ALIAS_NAME
```

> > Please note, the command is not designed to be used in CI scope, there is not options to skip interactive masked input of mnemonic if you want to alias an Account (both private and public key) entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note, the command is not designed to be used in CI scope, there is no option to skip interactive masked input of mnemonic if you want to alias an 'Account' (both private and public key) entity.
```
